Add lesson on working with Copilot (#3)
Ada-Developers-Academy/independent-ai-topics: 06-working-w-copilot/copilot-interface-shortcuts.md

# Copilot Interface & Shortcuts

## Goals

We won't cover all of Copilot's capabilities and shortcuts in this lesson, but we want to share the ones that we think developers will use most when getting started. For more in-depth information check out GitHub's documentation on ["Configuring GitHub Copilot in your environment"](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/configuring-github-copilot/configuring-github-copilot-in-your-environment?tool=vscode) or ["Getting started with GitHub Copilot"](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/using-github-copilot/getting-started-with-github-copilot#seeing-alternative-suggestions-2)

Our goals for this lesson are to:

> - Show multiple ways prompt Copilot for suggestions

Reviewer: "Show multiple ways to prompt Copilot for suggestions"

Reviewer 2: @apradoada `suggestion` quote. I like using these since they can all be applied directly in the PR interface. Then they can even be pulled back down to the working branch if there are additional changes to be made beyond what can be suggested.
```suggestion
- Show multiple ways to prompt Copilot for suggestions
```

- Review helpful commands and shortcuts
- Generate our first suggestions

## Getting Suggestions

> There are several ways we can solicit Copilot to start writing code. Feel free to open up a blank python file to try these out as we go. It can be helpful to experiment and learn how you prefer to get suggestions from Copilot!

Reviewer 2: - Is *solicit* common terminology for AI prompting? It sounds a bit extra to me in this context.
- Capitalize Python throughout (according to https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/). I saw 14 occurrences.
```suggestion
There are several ways we can prompt Copilot to start writing code. Feel free to open up a blank Python file to try these out as we go. It can be helpful to experiment and learn how you prefer to get suggestions from Copilot!
```

### Starting with code

> When Copilot is active, if we start typing a function definition in a code file, copilot will jump in and suggest the contents of the function in grey text. Let's type the following function definition into a python file to see what happens:

Reviewer 2: - Tried a little reordering to emphasize the user action rather than the Copilot state
- Copilot casing (throughout, I see 6 cases, excluding links)
- Python casing
```suggestion
When we start typing a function definition in a code file with Copilot activated, Copilot will jump in and suggest the contents of the function in grey text. Let's type the following function definition into a Python file to see what happens:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: Was leaving the py of the triple backtick intentional? Even though it's only a snippet, I'd still expect to see Python highlighting in the code block.

def convert_f_to_c(temp):
```

> Copilot will suggest the body `return (temp - 32) * 5 / 9`, which in this case is exactly what we wanted.  

Reviewer 2: nit: Using the `  ` trick to pull up the image makes this feel crowded to me. My inclination would be to let the regular paragraph spacing occur here and throughout.

Author: Ahh, I was not aware that the spaces at the end of a paragraph was pulling images up, thanks for the info!

![The function definition "def convert_f_to_c(temp):" with a greyed out suggestion from Copilot that reads "return (temp - 32) * 5 / 9"](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-temperature-example.png)  

> *Fig. A function definition we wrote with a suggestion from Copilot in grey below*

Reviewer 2: I'd add a comma to disambiguate that Copilot didn't suggest the definition
```suggestion
*Fig. A function definition we wrote, with a suggestion from Copilot in grey below*
```

> 

Reviewer: It might be a good idea to state how to accept a Copilot suggestion from code here.

Reviewer 2: +1 and maybe explictly call out that if we keep typing, Copilot will keep updating the suggestion, and that Esc can temporarily pause the display updates to give us a moment to think.

Author: Added a short blurb about how to accept with Tab

### Using a comment as a prompt

We can also use natural language to describe the function we want in a comment and Copilot will suggest code to meet those requirements. In this case, the more information we include, the more likely that Copilot will be able to respond with what we're looking for. For example, if we know that we'll be sorting inputs and want to use a particular algorithm, we should mention that in our comment. If we don't, Copilot will make a best guess at what we want and may choose a slower or otherwise less optimal algorithm.

Let's try out another example to show off creating code from a comment. This time, we'll start with the prompt:

> ```

Reviewer 2: I'm gutted that even adding `py` here, Learn doesn't color comments green. But I'd still make this a py quote.

# Take in a list of objects and return the max difference between the age 
# property of two objects in the list.
```

> If we expect to immediately see code, we might be a little surprised by how Copilot reacts. While our cursor is still on the line with the comment and when we create a new line, copilot will try adding more to our comment, typically to describe edge cases for our function description. Why might this be happening?  

Reviewer 2: The paragraph, short image, long caption feels really crowded to me. Like I wrote above, I'd like all of the cases where the image is currently abutting a paragraph to have the usual gap reintroduced.

![A comment in a python file describing a function where Copilot is suggesting to add more to the comment](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-comment-prompt-adds-to-comment.png)  

> *Fig. A comment describing a function where Copilot is suggesting to add more to the comment*

Reviewer 2: Funny. It didn't keep suggesting for me.

*edit* I had a typo in mine! I wrote "twp" instead of "two", which threw of the rest of the suggestion, and then went directly to a function signature without the intervening examples!

![A comment in a python file describing a function where Copilot is suggesting to add another commented line](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-comment-prompt-newline-adds-to-comment.png)  
*Fig. A comment describing a function where Copilot is suggesting to add another commented line*

> We're going to travel back in time to our first readings about LLMs. There, we learned that LLMs are, in many ways, incredibly powerful predictive text engines. When our cursor is on a line with a comment, Copilot has determined that the most likely thing we're going to do is continue writing the comment, so that's what it suggests. It isn't until we've created a few new lines from the comment that Copilot will reach a probability that we want code rather than descriptive information. Let's continue with this example until we see some code!

Reviewer: I love this callback!

> When we create another new line, copilot tries to generate example inputs and outputs for us as comments. These comment additions can be really handy for thinking about edge cases we missed or tests we may need to write, feel free to try it out and see what examples you get.   

Reviewer 2: - split run on
- includes a `  ` fix for no extra charge 😁 
```suggestion
When we create another new line, copilot tries to generate example inputs and outputs for us as comments. These comment additions can be really handy for thinking about edge cases we missed or tests we may need to write. Feel free to try it out and see what examples you get!

```

![A comment in a python file describing a function where Copilot is suggesting to add an example to the comment](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-comment-prompt-example-text.png)  
*Fig. Copilot suggesting to add an example to the comment*

> ![A comment in a python file describing a function where Copilot has added an example input and output to the comment](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-comment-prompt-example-completed.png.png)  

Reviewer 2: just a reminder comment to fix Python casing throughout
```suggestion
![A comment in a Python file describing a function where Copilot has added an example input and output to the comment](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-comment-prompt-example-completed.png.png)  
```

*Fig. An example input and output suggested by Copilot*

> If create yet one more new line, that is when copilot realizes we aren't trying to add any further description and provides us with a function definition. Once we press `Tab` to accept the function definition suggested, Copilot will suggest an implementation for the function.  

Reviewer: "If we create..."

Reviewer 2: 2 blank lines between a function comment and the def? Bleh!! What code did Copilot train on???

Oh, and a reminder about Copilot casing throughout.
```suggestion
If we create yet one more new line, that is when Copilot realizes we aren't trying to add any further description and provides us with a function definition. Once we press `Tab` to accept the function definition suggested, Copilot will suggest an implementation for the function.

```

![A comment in a python file describing a function where Copilot has then suggested a function definition](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-comment-prompt-function-definition.png)  
*Fig. A function definition suggested by Copilot for the function described in our comment*

> ![A comment in a python file describing a function and the function definition itself followed by a suggestion from Copilot for the body of the function](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-comment-prompt-full-function.png)  

Reviewer 2: I haven't read the other sections of the AI material, but one thing that strikes me as I'm going through this is the variability in the output. Like my suggested function was
```py
def max_difference(crew):
    if len(crew) == 0:
        return 0
    else:
        ages = [member.age for member in crew]
        return max(ages) - min(ages)
```
whereas what you got was absolutely bonkers.

Has it been drilled in that there will be a wide degree of variability in results for these suggestions, or would a reminder callout to that effect be worth including?

Author: We do hit it in the other lessons, but I don't think it hurts to add an info callout at the top of this section as a reminder that what students see may be very different from what we got.

*Fig. A function body suggested by Copilot for the function described in our comment*

### Asking in a chat

Copilot has a chat feature where you can write out questions or code prompts to Copilot, similarly to how we've interacted with ChatGPT for code. We'll see how we can use it to create a function, walk us through how the function works, and help us test it.

#### Starting a chat

There are 2 ways we can interact with the Copilot chat:

> 1. We can right click inside a file and select "Copilot > Start Inline Chat" or use the shortcut  `CMD + i` to open up a text box while we're still in a file.  

Reviewer 2: I put the method at the front, and I like to include the key symbols. Similar change to method 2 below.
```suggestion
1. Through inline chat. We can right click inside a file then select "Copilot > Start Inline Chat" to open a chat box at the location we clicked. `⌘I` (`CMD + i`) accomplishes the same thing at the current cursor location.
```

> 1. We can right click inside a file and select "Copilot > Start Inline Chat" or use the shortcut  `CMD + i` to open up a text box while we're still in a file.  

Reviewer 2: Also, I hadn't noticed that installing the Copilot extension also installs the Copilot Chat extension (did it always do that?). In the setup, should we call out the installing the one also installs the other?

I mention this here because I was wondering whether the inline chat would work if the chat extension weren't installed, but when I tried disabling it, it also affected the main Copilot extension and vice versa.

Author: As I recall they were separate while Chat was still in beta and it wasn't available to everyone with Copilot. I'm curious why they're still shown separately at this point. It doesn't hurt to call that out in case anyone might be confused.

   ![A menu in VS Code that shows the Copilot options and where to open the inline chat](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/vscode-open-inline-chat-from-menu.png)  
   *Fig. The right-click menu in VS Code showing the Copilot options*

   ![A blank python file with an empty inline Copilot chat showing](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/vscode-empty-inline-chat.png)  

>    *Fig. A blank python file with an empty inline Copilot chat showing*

Reviewer: It might be interesting to call out Copilot's warning about accepting its code at face value in this image. I know it gets called out in several other places, but I think the students might benefit from recognizing that we aren't just saying this. Copilot itself knows it has limits.

Author: Added in a short note about this in the image =]

> 2. We can open the Copilot chat pane from the chat tab on the left icon menu, from the Copilot icon in the bottom bar, or by using the shortcut `CTRL + CMD + i`   

Reviewer 2: Similar to the change for method 1. Official documentation calls the left bar the activity bar, and the bottom bar the status bar. I left the directions in, but included the official names.
```suggestion
2. Through the Copilot chat pane. We can click either the chat tab icon in the activity bar on the left or the Copilot icon in the status bar at the bottom. The keyboard shortcut to open the chat pane is `⌃⌘I` (`CTRL + CMD + i`).

```

   ![The left menu in VS Code with a chat icon highlighted and the Copilot chat pane showing](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/vscode-empty-chat-panel.png)  
   *Fig. Opening the Copilot chat pane from the left menu in VS Code*

   ![VS Code open on an empty python file with the Copilot status menu showing and the option to open the chat pane circled in red](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/vscode-open-copilot-chat-bottom-bar.png)  
   *Fig. Opening the Copilot chat pane from the Copilot Status Menu*

#### Using the Inline Chat

> In an empty python file, let's bring up the inline chat then type in the prompt `Write a function that takes in a list of file names and returns the file names sorted by the sizes of the files.`  

Reviewer 2: I'd be onboard with using a quote for the prompt text here.
```suggestion
In an empty Python file, let's bring up the inline chat then type in the prompt:

>Write a function that takes in a list of file names and returns the file names sorted by the sizes of the files.
```

![An empty python file with the Copilot inline chat view up](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/inline-chat-prompt-not-submitted.png)  
*Fig. The inline Copilot chat with a prompt written but not submitted*

Copilot will fetch a response and we are given some tools in the UI that we may find similar to ChatGPT's response tools.

![The VS Code UI after submitting a prompt in the inline Copilot chat](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/inline-chat-response-ui.png)  
*Fig. The updated UI after submitting a prompt in the inline chat*

> We can see that on the right side of the UI, we have thumbs up and down buttons for rating if the response was useful. On the left side, we have options to accept the response, discard the response, or regenerate it. If we don't want to use the response but we want to save it to look at later, the "Discard" button has us covered - pressing it will open a drop down with choices to discard the code from this file and save it to the clipboard or discard and paste the code in a new file.   

Reviewer 2: - the "can" feels unnecessary
- I like whether over if in mid-sentence propositions
- I replaced the ` - ` with an — (em-dash; hard to tell from the markdown)
- I see this comma as an extension of the Oxford comma
```suggestion
We see that on the right side of the UI, we have thumbs up and down buttons for rating whether the response was useful. On the left side, we have options to accept the response, discard the response, or regenerate it. If we don't want to use the response but we want to save it to look at later, the "Discard" button has us covered—pressing it will open a drop down with choices to discard the code from this file and save it to the clipboard, or discard and paste the code in a new file.
```

![A dropdown menu showing the discard options of the Copilot inline chat UI](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/inline-chat-response-discard-options.png)  
*Fig. The discard options after submitting a code prompt in the inline chat*

We'll go ahead and use the "Accept" button which will add the function to the file and dismiss the inline chat. 

#### Using the Chat Window

> Using the chat window may feel a bit closer to working with ChatGPT because, rather than adding suggestions directly to a code file, the code is written and discussed inside the chat pane.

Reviewer 2: - lists the thing that's similar (the gist of the statement) before the thing that's different.
```suggestion
Using the chat window may feel a bit closer to working with ChatGPT because the code is written and discussed inside the chat pane rather than adding suggestions directly to a code file.
```

> If we open the Copilot Chat window and use the same prompt as before: `Write a function that takes in a list of file names and returns the file names sorted by the sizes of the files.`, we get a very different response from the Inline Chat.

Reviewer 2: - similar change to use quote as above
- reworked surrounding text due to extracting the prompt
```suggestion
Let's open the Copilot Chat window and use the same prompt as before:

>Write a function that takes in a list of file names and returns the file names sorted by the sizes of the files.

We get a very different response than we got from the Inline Chat.
```

![Copilot's response for a prompt showing an implementation and explanation](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/chat-pane-function-prompt.png)  
*Fig. Copilot's response for our prompt showing an implementation and explanation*

From here we can ask further questions in the chat, requesting changes or a deeper explanation, or copy and paste the suggested function into a code file and update it as desired. We'll look at examples of other ways we can use the chat later in this lesson.

## Accepting and Rejecting Suggestions

We've seen several ways that we can ask copilot to generate code, but what do we do once the suggestion is showing? With the inline chat there's an "Accept" button, but if we're just typing a function definition or a comment in a code file, how do we choose to keep some or all of the code presented to us?

> It turns out that we have a lot of control! We can accept an entire suggestion, the next line of a suggestion, or we can go word-by-word. There are default shortcuts for accepting a whole suggestion (`Tab`) or the next word of a suggestion (`CMD + left arrow`), but if we want to accept suggestions line-by-line we need to either set up our own shortcut in VS Code or hover over the suggestion to bring up the suggestion menu. In the image below we've clicked on the '3 dots' icon at the right of the suggestion menu to show all the available options, which includes "Accept Line". 

Reviewer 2: - reordered the posibilities to match the order they're presented
- included key symbols (reworded for the flow)
- right arrow
- split the line-by-line since it's more involved
```suggestion
It turns out that we have a lot of control! We can accept an entire suggestion, the next word of a suggestion, or the next line. The default keyboard shortcuts provide `Tab` to accept a whole suggestion, and ⌘→ (`CMD + right arrow`) to accept the next word of a suggestion.

If we want to accept suggestions line-by-line we either need to set up our own shortcut in VS Code, or hover over the suggestion to bring up the suggestion menu. In the image below we've clicked on the '3 dots' icon at the right of the suggestion menu to show all the available options, which includes "Accept Line". 
```

> It turns out that we have a lot of control! We can accept an entire suggestion, the next line of a suggestion, or we can go word-by-word. There are default shortcuts for accepting a whole suggestion (`Tab`) or the next word of a suggestion (`CMD + left arrow`), but if we want to accept suggestions line-by-line we need to either set up our own shortcut in VS Code or hover over the suggestion to bring up the suggestion menu. In the image below we've clicked on the '3 dots' icon at the right of the suggestion menu to show all the available options, which includes "Accept Line". 

Reviewer 2: FYI, I have the hover menu in VS Code disabled since it's super annoying to have massive python documentation pop up during live codes, so I had no hover menu for Copilot until I went in and re-enabled it.

![The suggestion options UI that is shown when you hover over a Copilot suggestion](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-suggestion-menu-overflow-open.png)  
*Fig. Copilot's suggestion options UI with the overflow menu open so we can see all options*

## Seeing alternate suggestions

> We saw in the chat UIs that we had options to regenerate a response, similar to ChatGPT, but how do we see alternatives from a suggestion in a file?

Reviewer 2: @I like prompting questions when they're following from a line of thinking, but this feels abrupt. I'd rather just say it than couch it in a question that probably no one was thinking.
```suggestion
We saw in the chat UIs that we had options to regenerate a response, similar to ChatGPT. We can also generate alternative suggestions directly in a code file.
```

> When we're in a code file, Copilot will immediately gather multiple suggestions if it can. If we take a look at the image above, the first controls in the suggestion menu `< 1/3 >` tell us that we're looking at the first of 3 suggestions and the arrows buttons let us navigate back and forth through Copilot's suggestions. There are also shortcuts for viewing the next suggestion (`OPTION + ]`) or the previous suggestion (`OPTION + [`).

Reviewer 2: - added key symbols
- used code tag and nbsp for the UI bit since it was wrapping in a weird place for me
- moved the next/prev to it's own line for visibility
```suggestion
When we're in a code file, Copilot will immediately gather multiple suggestions if it can. If we take a look at the image above, the first controls in the suggestion menu <code>&lt;&nbsp;1/3&nbsp;&gt;</code> tell us that we're looking at the first of 3 suggestions and the arrow buttons let us navigate back and forth through Copilot's suggestions.

We can also use `⌥]` (`OPTION + ]`) to view the next suggestion, or `⌥[` (`OPTION + [`) to view the previous suggestion.
```

> If we want to see all of the suggestions from Copilot next to each other for comparison, we can use the shortcut `CTRL + Enter`. This will open a new tab that Copilot will fill with suggestions, along with "Accept Solution" buttons above each suggestion that we can use to bring a specific suggestion back to our code file.

Reviewer 2: - the "if we want" feels unnecessary
- included key symbols
```suggestion
To see all of the suggestions from Copilot next to each other for comparison, we can use the shortcut `⌃Enter` (`CTRL + Enter`). This will open a new tab that Copilot will fill with suggestions, along with "Accept Solution" buttons above each suggestion that we can use to bring a specific suggestion back to our code file.
```

> If we want to see all of the suggestions from Copilot next to each other for comparison, we can use the shortcut `CTRL + Enter`. This will open a new tab that Copilot will fill with suggestions, along with "Accept Solution" buttons above each suggestion that we can use to bring a specific suggestion back to our code file.

Reviewer 2: Another case where UI settings I changed prevents Copilot features. Code Lens must be turned on for this shortcut to work. I turn off Code Lens because I hate how it interrupts the even spacing of lines.

![VS Code with 2 tabs open, a python file, and a window of suggestions from Copilot](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/copilot-multiple-suggestions-new-tab.png)  
*Fig. Copilot's suggestions opened in a new tab*

## Other uses for Copilot Chat

> Just like we saw with ChatGPT, if we bring up the inline chat or the chat tab and write out prompts like `Can you explain this code line by line?` or `Please help me generate test cases for the selected code, focusing on edge cases.` we can start a conversation and get guidance, providing more context and asking further questions as needed until we reach a satisfying answer. In addition to writing out prompts, Copilot chat has a few handy shortcuts for common actions. We can also use Copilot to help summarize code changes for our commit messages!

Reviewer 2: Like the other prompts text cases, here's an attempt at using quoted text instead. I also think the part about the shortcuts and commit messages should come after the callout (just before those two subsections).
```suggestion
Just like we saw with ChatGPT, conversations can be guided by providing more context and asking further questions as needed until we reach a satisfying answer. We might start the conversation with a fairly open-ended prompt, such as

>Can you explain this code line by line?

or

>Please help me generate test cases for the selected code, focusing on edge cases.

and through additional prompts and responses, we can tune the conversation to our specific needs.
```

### !callout-info
## Copilot limitations

> Copilot does have limitations and a knowledge cut off like ChatGPT, so languages or syntax that is very new may not be available in suggestions or Copilot may not have very useful results. However, when it comes to commonly used libraries and modules, Copilot is great at surfacing and explaining functions or syntax without having to leave our IDE.

Reviewer: "languages or syntax that are very new"? I may be wrong because I don't remember this specific grammar rule here.

Reviewer 2: I'd go plural as well. Though it is a little odd since we have a plural noun *or* a mass noun. Maybe reword it to avoid the verb question?
```suggestion
Copilot does have limitations and a knowledge cut off like ChatGPT. As such, very new languages or syntax may not be available in suggestions, or Copilot may not have very useful results. However, when it comes to commonly used libraries and modules, Copilot is great at surfacing and explaining functions or syntax without having to leave our IDE.
```

Author: TY for catching this! I have a habit of mis-matching is/are 😅

### !end-callout  

> 

Reviewer 2: Here's where I'd move the section from above.
```suggestion

In addition to writing out prompts, Copilot chat has a few handy shortcuts for common actions. We can also use Copilot to help summarize code changes for our commit messages!

```

### Shortcut Commands

> If we open up a Copilot chat and type `/` we'll see a few shortcut options in a dropdown. We're focusing on 4 of them here, but feel free to follow your curiosity about the rest.

Reviewer 2: Reworded to put the feature first rather than the method of activating it.
```suggestion
Copilot chat provides a number of shortcut options to streamline our interactions. They are presented in a dropdown list accessed by typing `/` into Copilot chat. We're focusing on 4 of them here, but feel free to follow your curiosity about the rest.
```

| Shortcut | Use |
| -------- | --- |
| /doc | Add documentation comments for the selected code |
| /explain | Explain the selected code. If invoked from the inline chat, this will open the chat tab. |
| /fix | Try to fix any problems detected in the selected code |
| /tests | Generate unit tests for the selected code. If a test file doesn't exist already, this will create a new file you can review and modify. |

![Copilot's inline chat with a `/` entered and showing a dropdown of shortcut options](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/inline-chat-shortcut-dropdown.png)  
*Fig. Shortcut options showing on an inline chat after entering `/`*

### Commit Messages

> If you use the Source Control tab in VS Code to manage branches and commits, Copilot is already integrated there for us! The text box to write our commit message now has a button to the right with a sparkles icon – if we hover over it we'll see a message "Generate Commit Message with Copilot". If you click it, copilot will generate a summary based on the changed files that we can review and update as needed to fit our own or our team's standards.

Reviewer 2: - cut down on the "if" phrases
- brought in another em-dash
```suggestion
Copilot can take some of the tedium out of writing commit messages when using the integrated Source Control tools in VS Code! With the Copilot extension installed, the text box where we write our commit message now has a button to the right with a sparkles icon—hover over it and we'll see a message "Generate Commit Message with Copilot". When clicked, Copilot will generate a summary based on the changed files that we can review and update as needed to fit our own or our team's standards.
```

![Close up view of the source control tab of VS Code with the Copilot commit message button circled in red](assets/copilot-interface-shortcuts/vscode-source-control-copilot-button.png)  
*Fig. VS Code's Source Control tab with the Copilot commit message button circled*

## Summary

> This has been a dash through the Copilot UI, focusing mostly on how we can generate and work with code suggestions and use the chat to our benefit. The biggest takeaway is that, like so much in coding, there are multiple ways we can perform most actions, and we need to explore and try things out to see what fits best with our workflow. If you're still a little unsure how or where you might apply Copilot, in our next lesson, we'll use a Unit 2 project as a practical example for generating new code and refactoring existing code with Copilot.

Reviewer 2: probably just me, but I'd rather not specify the unit
```suggestion
This has been a dash through the Copilot UI, focusing mostly on how we can generate and work with code suggestions and use the chat to our benefit. The biggest takeaway is that, like so much in coding, there are multiple ways we can perform most actions, and we need to explore and try things out to see what fits best with our workflow. If you're still a little unsure how or where you might apply Copilot, in our next lesson, we'll use a familiar project as a practical example for generating new code and refactoring existing code with Copilot.
```

## Check for Understanding

<!-- Question 1 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: ordering
* id: 1ede5119-c503-4aa5-8833-bd39472ed25b
* title: Ordering Copilot Shortcuts

##### !question
Order the shortcuts so that they match the order of the actions listed below:

1. Open the inline chat
2. View the next suggestion
3. View the previous suggestion
4. Accept a code suggestion
##### !end-question

##### !answer
1. `CTRL + i`
2. `OPTION + ]`
3. `OPTION + [`

> 4. `TAB`

Reviewer 2: Included symbols (matched tab to how it was written in the lesson) and I think command was meant here.
```suggestion
1. `⌘I` (`CMD + i`)
2. `⌥]` (`OPTION + ]`)
3. `⌥[` (`OPTION + [`)
4. `Tab`
```

##### !end-answer

### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- Question 2 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: checkbox
* id: 4b5135e4-1435-46ad-b010-fafef36c26fc
* title: Copilot's Limitations

##### !question
Select the actions below that Copilot would have trouble performing. 
##### !end-question

##### !options
* Surfacing syntax in well-used libraries
* Explaining functions or classes line by line
* Writing test cases for a brand new testing library
* Adding documentation to a function or class
* Suggesting code in a language released this year
##### !end-options

##### !answer
* Writing test cases for a brand new testing library
* Suggesting code in a language released this year

> ##### !end-answer

Reviewer 2: use tagged format
```suggestion
##### !options
a| Surfacing syntax in well-used libraries
b| Explaining functions or classes line by line
c| Writing test cases for a brand new testing library
d| Adding documentation to a function or class
e| Suggesting code in a language released this year
##### !end-options

##### !answer
c|
e|
##### !end-answer
```

> ##### !explanation

Reviewer 2: Checkbox questions can really benefit from a hint. When really complictaed, I include a question to consider for each of the options (bulleted in the same order). But here, maybe something asking the student to consider the time frame/novelty of the material inquestion would be enough?

> Both `Writing test cases for a brand new testing library` and `Suggesting code in a language released this year` would require Copilot to have recent knowledge. Because of Copilot's training data cut off, it has no way to know about new languages or libraries and would have trouble performing these tasks.

Reviewer 2: reformatted to make the two options stand out
```suggestion
Both of the following:

- Writing test cases for a brand new testing library
- Suggesting code in a language released this year

<br />

would require Copilot to have recent knowledge. Because of Copilot's training data cut off, it has no way to know about new languages or libraries and would have trouble performing these tasks.
```
